The Window Object

The Browser Object Model
    "a collection of properties and methods that contain information about the browser and computer screen"

Going Global
    "Global variables are actual properties of a global object"
        example: the global variable "x= 6" is the same as "window.x = 6"

    The functions  "parseInt() and isNaN(), are actually methods of the global object"
        can be called as "window.parseInt(4.2)"
    
    The dialog functions " alert(), confirm() and prompt()" are also all window object methods
        Question: Do you find yourself every really using these dialog functions in a program? Do you opt for creating your own kind of dialog popup as to not result to pausing the program until they respond?

Browser Information
    "The window object has a number of properties and methods that provide information about the user’s browser"
    Browser
        The  navigator property of the window object is an object that contains info about the browser being used.
             "Its userAgent property will return information about the browser and operating system"
    Location
        window.location
            "object that contains information about the URL of the current page"
            So web location not acutal location
            window.location.href
                example: window.location.href returns the current page's full URL
                on the other hand assigning a value to "window.location.href" will cause the browser to redirect to the new url assigned.
            window.location.protocol
                returns a string describing the protocol used
                i.e. http, https, pop2, ftp
            window.location.host
                returns a string describing the domin of the current Url & port number
            window.location.hostname
                returns a string describing the domain
            window.location.port
                returns a string with the port number
            window.location.search
                returns a string with the current page's query string parameters
    Browser History
        window.history
            "used to access information about any previously visited pages in the current browser session"
            window.history.length
                "how many pages have been visited before arriving at the current page"
            window.history.go()
                "used to go to a specific page" in the brower's current history
    Controlling Windows
        window.open() 
            used to open a new browser window
                parameters - the new window's url, the window's title, and a list of attributes
        window.close()
            can be used to close a window
        winodw.moveTo()
            takes two paramenters, an x and y coordiante, in order to move a window to that spot on the screen.
        window.resizeTo()
            used to resize a window. takes a width and a height
        Question: The reading says it isn't common to use these methods. Also popups aren't great. Have you used these methods a number of times, and if so for what purpose?
    Screen Information
        window.screen
            contains information about the screen the browser is displayed on"
            window.screen.height
            window.screen.width
                info of the whole screen
            window.screen.availWidth
            window.screen.availHeight
                info of the available screen (excluding the operating system menus)
        On mobile
            window.screen can " turn off the device’s screen, detect a change in its orientation or lock it in a specific orientation."
        
    The Document Object
        "This object has properties and methods that deal with the page that has been loaded into the window"
        document.write()
            heavily frowned upon to use commonly
    
    Cookies
        "small files that are saved locally on a user’s computer"
        "used for personalizing a user’s browsing experience, storing user preferences, keeping track of user choices (such as a shopping cart), authentication and tracking users"

        creating Cookies
            example: document.cookie = 'name=Superman';
              "Assigning another cookie to it won’t overwrite the entire property, it will just append it to the end of the string. So we can add more cookies by assigning them to document.cookie"
        changing cookie values
            "can be changed by reassigning it to document.cookie using the same name but a different value"
                example:    document.cookie = 'name=Batman'
        reading cookies
            document.cookie returns a string of all the current cookies for they current domain
                then use .split() to retrieve the data from the string
        Cookie Expiry Dates
            "Cookies are session cookies by default"
                "they are deleted when the user closes the browser tab or window"
            to create a persistent cookie
                add "; expires=date" to the end of its declaration
                    the date must be in the UTC String Format
                or set the "; max-age=seconds" value
        Deleting Cookies
            "set it to expire at a time in the past"
Question: Are cookies secure? Can you put user login info into a cookie and trust it's safety?


    Timeing functions
        window.setTimeout()
            used to schedule the execution of a function
            accepts a callback as the first parameter and a number of milliseconds at its second
        window.setInterval()
            "similar to setTimeout() but it will repeadtedly invoke the callback functions after a give number of milliseconds"
        
        Animation
            can use setInterval() or even better window.requestAnimationFrame() to animate things on your page
        Question: So CSS seems way easier than this to make an animation. Do you agree?
