Comments
    "Well-commented code is the hallmark of a ninja programmer"
    
    Questions
        Are comments a make or break when you are working as a programmer?

JavaScript Grammar
    JS has a C-style syntax.
    each js statement either ends with a new line or a semicolon.
        Best practice is to write each statement on a new line and end it with a semi-colon.
    
Variables
    const - is used when the variable name will not be reassigned a value for the reminder of the program

    Question:
        Is it now bad practice to use var to declare variables?

Scope
    Global Scope: 
        any variable declared outside of a block.
        it is accessible everywhere in the program
        it is not considered good practice
    Local Scope:
        variables declared within a block (with let or const)
        Using let or const to declare variables will ensure they are block scoped

    Question:
        The chapter made it seem like you could create a variable inside a block without declaring it first using let or const, and that it would be acessable outside the block.
        Is this okay to do?


    Strings
        dot notaion for length and string methods

        Template Literals
            can contain both sets of quotation marks and also contain js code.
            uses `` to make a template Literal
    
Type Coercion
    Type coercion happens when the operands of an operator are of different types (a string and a number)
    type coercion isn't always consistent, so best to not rely on it and manually change the type of a variable if needed

Converting Strings to Numbers
    best practice is to use the Number(string);

Coverting number to Strings
    String(number); or number.toString();

parseInt()
    doesn't round up, just cuts off the decimal
parseFloat()
    coverts string to float number

Question:
    Do I always have to parse input from the user or is that a way to retrieve data that is already in number form?

Use hard equality and hard inequality

Question:
    Is there ever a moment where I should use soft equality over hard equality or should I always stick with hard?

Arrays
    You can use index notation to add an item to any index you want, even if the array isn't that long yet. Doing so will make the array that long and add the item in that index. 
    The array will be filled with empty (undefined) slots.

    The delete operator removes the value of the specified item and replaces it with undefined

    array properties and methods:
        .pop(), .push()
        .shift(), .unshift()
        .concat()
        spread - [...[], ...[]]
        .join()
        .slice() - undestructive
        .splice() - removes and replaces
            if zero items are removed then nothing is removed only add at the chosen index
        .reverse();
        .sort() - sorts array alphabetically
        .indexOf()
            -1 means the item isn't there
        .includes()

sets
    const numbers = new Set();
    const numbers = new Set([data, data, data]);
    data in sets can't be duplicated
    .add(data)
    .size()
    .has(data)
    no index notation
    .delete()
    .clear()
    convert to array
        use spread (...) operator inside of array literal
        or Array.from(set)
    new WeakSet() - for non-primitive data types

Maps
    can use any data type as a key
    = new Map();
    .set(key, value)
    .get(key)
    .has(key)
    .size - property
    .delete(key)
    .clear()
    = new WeakMap() - the keys can't be primitive data types



Question:
    Are literal declarations for non-primitive data types only useful for being a quicker way to declare the data type?
    Are there other advantages?

    Should I try to use Weak sets and maps more that the normal ones?

Logic
Ternay Operator
    condition ? (code if true) : (code if false)

DRY - Don't Repeat Yourself
    the same code shouldn't be repeat in a program over and over.
    functions can be useful in fixing this problem with repeating code.

Arguements
    "If too many arguments are provided when a function is invoked, the function will work as normal and the extra arguments will be ignored (although they can be accessed using the arguments object)"
        "Every function has a special variable called arguments. This is an array-like object that contains every argument passed to the function when it is invoked."
    " default parameters - use default values for any parameter that isn't provided as an argument."

Default parameters
    default parameters can be set so as to have a go to value in case no value is sent in the arguments when the function is invoked.
        "To specify a default parameter, simply assign the default value to it in the function definition"
    
The main difference between function expressions and function literals is how they are hoisted. 
    Function literals are hoisted completely
    function experssions aren't hoisted completely
Question:
    Why is there this difference? Does it affect performance? Why not hoist both the same?



