Exceptions - " an error that produces a return value that can then be used by the program to deal with the error."
Stack Traces - "a sequence of functions or method calls that lead to the point where the error occurred"
Warning - "can occur if there’s an error in the code that isn't enough to cause the program to crash"
    Warnings aren't okay. They can cause other problems.

During development the code should fail "loudly" so that any problems can be fixed.
In production the code should fail quiter so as to not have the user experience affected. However, the code should fail silently.

Strict mode is encouraged because it will tend to threw more exceptions and warnings, which mean that errors are more likely to be caught and fixed.
    To use strict mode you simply need to place the string 'use strict' on the first line of a JavaScript file.
    Strict mode can be call on specific functions by placing the 'use strict'; at the top of the function(s).

Linting Tools
    JS Lint, JS Hint, and ES Lint
    "can be used to test the quality of JavaScript code"
        "designed to highlight any sloppy programming practices or syntax errors, and will complain if certain style conventions are not followed"
    Can be helpfull when working as a team

Feature Detection
    "The recommended way to determine browser support for a feature"
    "Done by using an if statement to check whether an object or method exists before tyring to call / use it"
    example:
        if (window.holoDeck) {
            virtualReality.activate();
        }
    
Debugging
    Breakpoints
        alert() "stops a program from running until OK is clicked"
    Console
        console.log() - doesn't stop the code, but still allows you to see the value of variables as certain parts of the code.

    Modern Browser debugging Tools
        keyword debugger
            "This will create a breakpoint in your code that will pause the execution of the code and allow you to see where the program is currently up to"
            "The program can then be restarted by clicking on the 'play' button."

Error Objects
    example:
        const error = new Error('Oops, something went wrong');
    other types of error Objects
        RangeError
        ReferenceError
        SyntaxError
        TypeError
        URIError
        InternalError

Throwing Exceptions
    You can cause the program to throw an exception with the keyword throw
    It is best practice to throw an error object.

Catching exceptions and errors
    "If we suspect a piece of code will result in an exception, we can wrap it in a try block."
    "This will run the code inside the block as normal, but if an exception occurs it will pass the error object that is thrown onto a catch block"
    finally
        the finally block is always ran, no matter which of the try or cathch blocks ended up running.

Tests
    "a function that tests a piece of code runs as it should"
    
    Test-driven development
        "the process of writing tests before any actual code"
        These tests will initially fail. The code is then added and then edited as needed. The tests made at the begining are used to make sure the code is always running as needed.
        also know as red-green-refactor

Testing Frameworks
    Jest
        a framework that can be downloaded and used to test your code without you having to write our test functions
    
